

Login and Authentication:
Test plan: 
    -Have the testers try to login to an already created account with their username and password.
    -Test environment: localhost 
    -Acceptance testers: Someone that has made an account

Test Case 1: Valid login
When the user enters valid login info (username and password), lead them to the home page

Test Case 2: Invalid login due to username
When the user inputs a username that does not exist, convey to the user that the login attempt failed 
and that the name does not exist. Suggest them to register a new account

Test Case 3: Invalid login due to password
When the user inputs their password incorrectly, convey to the user that the login attempt failed due 
to an invalid password and to try again.





Rating System:
Test plan:
    -Have the testers try to sumbit a rating/review for a song that they have listened to.
    -Test environment: localhost 
    -Acceptance testers: Users of the app

Test Case 1: Rate/review a song
When the user wants to review a song, they will press the "create reveiw" button, which will
pull up a form where they will be able to rate a song (from 1-5) and write a description of what they thought.
Also make sure that they are able to see the review once they have submitted it.

Test Case 2: Only rate a song (no review)
Allow the user to only rate a song 

Test Case 3: No rating (or rating out of range) of a song
Prompt the user that they need to select a rating for the song they have selected.

Test Case 4: Submission did not complete
Convey to the user that their review was not able to be saved and to try again later.

Test Case 5: Change rating
Allow the user to update their rating of a song

Verify that the rating is saved and reflected.
Expected Result: The selected rating should be saved, and the rating value should display next to the song title.

Test Case 6: Change a rating
Objective: Ensure users can change their rating after initially rating a song.





User Profile:
Test Plan: 
    -Have the user be able to view and edit thier profile, such as username, password, and photo
    -Test environment: localhost 
    -Acceptance testers: Users of the app

Test Case 1: Valid username change
When the username is available, let the user change their name to what is inputed 
and convey that their username has changed

Test Case 2: Invalid username change (already taken)
When the user inputs a username that is already taken, convey that it is taken and 
prompt them to try a different name

Test Case 3: Valid password change
When the user inputs a valid password change, have them log back in.

Test Case 4: Invalid password change
If the new password that they entered was not able to change, tell the user that and to try again later

Test Case 5: Changing photo
Let the user change their profile photo (whether that be preset ones or one they can upload) and
tell them that when they do change their photo, that it was successful

Test Case 6: Invalid photo change
Same as the invalid password change, just for their photo

