1. Team number: 015-4

2. Team name: Spotify crew

3.  Adie Hofle (github: adiehofle, email: adho1327@colorado.edu), 
    Juan Marin (github: juma9363, email: juma9363@colorado.edu), 
    David Todd (github: MercyToad email: dato3889@colorado.edu), 
    Nisha Iyengar (github: niiy5734, email: niiy5734@colorado.edu)
    Aayush Sharma (github: AayushSharma29, email: Aash7867@colorado.edu)

4. Application name: Spotify song rater

5. Application Description: -We give users the ability to log songs they listen to,
    rate them, and possibly add a description/other details about them. If the user likes a song, 
    they can view similar songs, which will return a list of songs that have similar attributes 
    and were rated highly among users who also rated the requested song highly. 
    -Using the Spotify API to not only retrieve the actual song/artist/album, 
    but to retrieve pre-defined Spotify song characteristics (like danceability, loudness, etc), 
    we will be able to let users review any song on Spotify, and allow their review to influence their song recommendations.
    -We will have a profile feature where you can view all of a user's reviews. 
    -If we have time, we are hoping to be able to add other features for album reviews or artist reviews.

6. Audience: Music listeners seeking a way to create logs of songs and/or albums, view and post recommendations/other notes to expand their listening.

7. Vision Statement: For Spotify users who want to expand their listening based on real people’s opinions, not just numbers. 

8. Version Control: Done

9. Development Methodology: Agile with reports of what’s been finished and what is planned to be completed every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

10. Communication Plan: We plan to have most of our communications on Discord.

11. Meeting Plan: 1:30 pm Wednesday in ECCS 114H (See https://www.when2meet.com/?33151374-TmRec for availability times)

12. Use Case Diagram: [See image]

13. Wireframes: [See images]


Extra credit:Potential risks
a. Too high scope for timeframe - 
    we will work in an iterative MVP style, 
    and start by creating a functional app with the very base features, 
    and work from there so we aren’t stuck with half a project at the end

b. Spotify API potentially difficult to work with-
    we will try to get our spotify queries to be some of the first to run 
    so that if we run into any challenges, we have the entire time to remedy them

c. Balancing work with busy schedules- we will check in with our TA once a week, 
    and check in with one another three times a week to hold ourselves accountable and ensure we are on track to hit goals.

d. Trouble dividing work to make sure everyone is using their strengths and interests (small risk) - 
    we already have a lack of interest in developing the frontend as compared with the backend.
    For tasks like these that no one wants to do, we can try to 
    divide it up evenly amongst ourselves so no one is stuck doing all of it.

e. Differing ideas for the final product- 
    we will continue to check in with one another and create plans 
    before fleshing an idea out completely, so that everyone is on board with it. 
    We will make sure to have very frequent communication.
